# RepeatMeNot
Are you editing some audio or video file, and you are trying to cut out the mistakes from it when you repeat yourself? Is your hand starting to cramp as you are having to go through and do all of this yourself in your editor? Fear not, for RepeatMeNot may help alleviate that pain a bit!

RepeatMeNot is a script built primarily as a proof-of-concept to remove redundancies from your media files. It does so by using .srt files generated by Google's Web Speech API (with formatting from [autosub](https://github.com/agermanidis/autosub)) to get a text dialog of the whole file, then removing string similarities with use of [strsim](https://github.com/luozhouyang/python-string-similarity). Once the similarities have been removed, then it goes to work by getting all of the clean pieces from your media file, and returning to you a version with less repeated content!

## Features
- Specify accuracy of similarity based on decimal input.
- Provide to it any media file that ffmpeg supports for processing, as well as its' respective srt transcript file.
- Returns to you media file with same extension once finished.

## Getting Started
In order to use this program, you will need to have Python 3 installed, in addition to the following add-ons:
- [autosub](https://github.com/agermanidis/autosub)
- [strsim](https://github.com/luozhouyang/python-string-similarity)
- [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/)

From there, with the script in the same directory as the media file and the generated .srt file, run it as so:
```
python3 repeatmenot.py inputfile.mediaextension inputfile.srt 0.60(for 60% similarity removal)
```
- OR -
```
chmod +x repeatmenot.py
./repeatmenot.py inputfile.mediaextension inputfile.srt 0.60(for 60% similarity removal)
```

## Disclaimer
This program is by no means ready to be used in production. It was designed first to get the job done for the most part, but it does have its fair share of mistakes. In addition, the code as it stands was not prepared for user abuse.

In addition, this was only tested in a Linux environment.